recently i've been thinking about the
last time i did a q a
i think the last one that i did was
right before i left for
college which was a while ago so i
thought this would be a fun
vlogmas video that i could do so that we
can kind of sit down and
catch up and talk to each other or i'll
talk to you but you guys ask me
questions so it's like kind of a back
and forth i guess
i hope you guys are having a good day
and i'm excited to answer some of your
questions
so let's get started how are things
different at home since coming back from
college
i thought this was a really good
question because i didn't really know
what to expect
when i came home from college just
because i've been on my own i've been my
own boss for
the past few months i felt really good
coming home i missed everyone so much
and
i just wanted to see everyone and be
home and feel the
the peace that comes from being here and
just like walking in our house because i
haven't really been
in like a house since i went to college
so i was really excited to feel that
feeling again i would say it is a little
hard
because of my certain situation we don't
have a guest room at our house so i've
slept on the couch
all my stuff is kind of everywhere
because i don't have a place to put it
because
there isn't a place for me here because
i don't live here anymore so i would
say that's like the weirdest thing
overall i think it's good i'm
glad to be home i'm glad to be spending
time with my family there are some
aspects that i'm really going to
be excited to go back to once i move
back to college does your religion
have rules for having a relationship i
would say yes
in my church it's advised that you
start going on dates when you're 16 so i
didn't go on my first date until i was
16 years old
it's kind of advised that you don't have
an exclusive girlfriend or boyfriend
until you're at the point where you're
like looking to seriously like get
married to someone
so it's not really like rules for dating
but there is like a general
guideline that is recommended for us and
i
think that really benefited me i am glad
that we have that outline
to go on when it comes to dating and i'm
not saying like you know certain cases
don't work for other people but like for
me personally
this guideline going on dates with
people group dates
getting to know people not just dating
one person exclusively
until you're like at a stage of life
where that would be
appropriate to do that at least in my
case what's the best
christmas gift you've ever received i
read this one
and i put it on here just because one
thing came to my
mind i feel like this isn't something
you would expect to be like my favorite
gift i've ever received
but just like the memories that are
attached to it it just made it like the
best
so
what are you doing i'm filming a q a oh
yeah when i read this question the gift
that popped into my head
was the 100 subscriber plaque that sarah
made me a couple years ago
i actually have a video on my channel i
think it's called like the first day of
winter break
i'll put in the tags and i'll link it
down below if you want to watch it's
it was one of like my early videos so
it's like not the same level as these
ones but
it's just great memories and i had that
hanging in my room forever
sir is so thoughtful with gifts so it
just meant a lot to me because i'd
worked
for like five months trying to reach 100
subscribers
yeah that's probably one of my favorite
gifts i've ever received which camera
is good and affordable for shooting
videos so i'm actually currently filming
on the canon g7x mark
ii this is the one i've used for two
years and it
is the best thing ever i love this
camera and
it makes me so sad to like have to say
goodbye to it but
i accidentally dropped it on the floor
in my kitchen
i don't know if you can see that but
there's like lines running through it
that's the only reason that i had to get
a new one and i'm really sad because
this camera has treated me so well this
is definitely the camera i recommend
i was trying to decide when i was first
starting my channel what camera to buy
whether it should be one that's like a
dslr like one of those big cameras or
something
more like this and i am so glad that i
went with this one because i can film
sit down videos like i am right now with
this camera
and i can also vlog with it which is a
majority of the kinds of videos that i
make i think it just depends on what
you're going for
but this one is less expensive it works
for both this is definitely the camera i
recommend if you're wanting to start a
channel what's your favorite part about
svu so in case you don't know i go to
southern virginia at university and so
that's what svu is referring to
i have loved my first semester it was
seriously
a lot of fun and i got to meet so many
fun people and have a lot of good
experiences i'd have to say my favorite
part about being at svu
is how many other latter-day saints
there are i
have never lived in a place in my life
where there's been
like majority latter-day saints i'm a
member of the church of jesus christ of
latter-day saints and so
southern virginia university is aligned
with my church's
beliefs most of the students are
latter-day saints and
it's just really cool to have that
community of people that believe the
same thing as you
i would say that's my favorite part is
just the spiritual side of the campus
and all in all it was a great experience
and
i am so excited to go back
all right where do you see yourself in
the next
five years in five years i'll be 23
so i'll i would have graduated college i
will be married
most likely my mom got married at 20 and
so
that has always just kind of been like a
good standard age
that i've always thought of getting
married at i think i'll be married by
23.
you can't like know these things but
that's what i've always said like 20 is
like i don't want to say goal age but
like
kind of that's the age i see myself
getting married at is 20 so i think i'll
be married
and i think i will possibly
have my first child by
23. it's so weird to think about right
now just because i'm like
nowhere near those things it's kind of
odd to like be
saying that out loud that like i could
probably have a kid
by that point my parents had my older
brother a year after they got married
so my mom got married at 20 and had her
first baby
at 21 which is literally insane
just because like i am 21 in three years
and
i don't feel like i'm anywhere near that
point but
that's kind of what i'm always working
towards i want to feel prepared
and i feel like i'm always working
towards that i've just thought about
this so much
i know the things that i need to do to
be able to be at the point where i can
feel confident saying i'm ready for
those things so it's just
in the time that i have leading up to
those events i just really need to be
working on
myself and making sure i'm making myself
a better person
and preparing myself for those big life
events that are going to be coming up in
the next few years
what's on your christmas list i feel
like it would be kind of late to do a
christmas wish list but if you want me
to i can do that if that's a video that
you guys would be interested in we're
just kind of seeing what i
would have on my list of things to get
then i can definitely do that as a
vlogmas video just let me know i'm
posting every weekday so
the more video recommendations you guys
give me the better because
i'm starting to get a little worried
about how many videos i have to make and
all these ideas i have to come up with
so
if you guys have recommendations leave
them down below i would say the top
thing on my wish list
is a plane ticket is college stressful
um yeah
i would say so but i feel like it goes
in
waves it comes and goes
there are weeks where you're like i am
literally drained
i don't even know if i can do this again
weeks like that and then the next week
is like the easiest week ever
so it's just it's seriously like this
it's stressful but that stress like
isn't constant throughout the whole
thing it's just
taking on a day by day week by week
basis i would have to say i
feel like i've handled it pretty well
definitely went through some hard times
during this first semester
just personal like things that i was
struggling with so i feel like a lot of
my stress was like
stemmed from that which wasn't i don't
know if it was a factor of college or
just my own self so
so classes wise yeah it's stressful
depending on like what your major is
like
the classes you chose to take how many
credits you're taking it all just kind
of
is based on what you choose for your
semester
and the amount of work you put in it all
just kind of plays together so
i would say yes it's stressful but not
always bad it is
it's worth it what do you look for in a
guy i should break out my list
comment down below if you've made a list
about the qualities that you
would like in a guy let me think about
like my top
three i'm just gonna go with like the
very
i don't want to say shallow but like
like physical things i look for in a guy
that will take less time to explain
these are just my personal things if
they have these three things that i'm
like
yes on top of just being handsome like
these are make or breaks for me
kind of so number one is teeth i worked
as a dental assistant and so
if you have bad teeth and you're not
getting anywhere like
yeah just take care of your teeth that
is so important
okay if he doesn't have good oral
hygiene then that is like a total turn
off for me like you can be super
handsome but if you have bad oral
hygiene like
sorry bye the next thing is hands i
don't know
why but i have a thing for hands like
if they're like i okay
i i don't know how many of you have
watched lord of the rings this is so
random
but elijah wood i his hands
that is like no i'll insert a picture
right here what i'm talking about
these are elijah woods hands i think a
lot he's great he's great but his hands
just i just don't like them they've got
to be nice hands i'd have to like see a
person's hand
to be like yeah you've got nice hands i
know it's weird but like that's just one
of my things
i would say like devotion to the gospel
so they have a testimony of jesus christ
active in the church
just those kind of things the gospel of
jesus christ is such a big part of my
life and i know
that i wouldn't have the blessings that
i have without it and so
i think in the long term so my boyfriend
my husband like
it is so important for them to have a
testimony so that they can
be a strong leader in our home they need
to have a testimony of jesus christ and
that needs to be a big part of their
lives
those are a couple things that i look
for in guys i have like i could do a
whole video on this
but i'll just keep it there for now do
you ever struggle
with not feeling spiritual enough when
i'm
at my lowest of lows i feel like that is
a lot of times where i feel the closest
to my savior
i wish that wasn't the case and i really
do think that part of this was because
of quarantine
i just know that i could have done a lot
better at
cultivating my relationship with christ
it's such a big part of my life but also
right
now it's just been so chaotic that i
really should have been taking
more responsibility for my own personal
study to make sure that i
am still feeling that closeness to the
spirit and i really
haven't been doing that there are times
where i feel really close and
times where i don't feel that closeness
like i wish i
did a lot of that is because my own
personal failing for not
doing the things that i know i should be
in order to
feel that peace a lot of times when i'm
sad
i know that the thing that's missing is
my personal relationship to christ and
that
is hard for me to like recognize because
i know
that it's my own fault i know my my joy
and my happiness could be magnified so
much
if i just strengthen that relationship
with my savior so
i definitely go through those times in
my life
to be able to change that you just kinda
have to sit down and be like
we're gonna do this like i'm going to
tell you my scriptures and i'm going to
say my prayers and i'm going to write my
journal and i'm going to
cultivate this relationship with you
that i haven't been doing a good job at
but i want this and i know that my life
will be
so much happier and i'll find so much
more joy if i do this
i hope that's some encouragement i
definitely have a lot of work to do
i'm always trying to work to be my best
and that is such a big part of what i
feel makes me my best
so i'm right there with you
we all have so much growing to do but
i'm grateful to know that that's kind of
what this life is for
to grow and to learn through our
mistakes
and to strengthen our relationship with
christ and
find that peace that i know we all want
what's your favorite workout
oh my gosh guys i am
obsessed with les mills okay i say it
wrong it's less mils
but i say les mills but whatever yeah
les mills it is the best workout program
ever i don't know if you ever like saw
your mom doing like turbo fire and like
p90x or you know those kind of things
it's
along the same lines because it's like a
program online
but it is so good and guys
all of the instructors are like from
different countries
i think it originated in new zealand so
a lot of the instructors are from new
zealand or from australia
or from england so they all have like
these super cool accents and it's really
fun
i love all of their programs on there
but i would have to say my top two
are body combat and body pump and
something about les mills too
is that they don't hold back you get a
workout how are you doing in college
mentally i feel like i prided myself on
being
someone who wouldn't struggle with the
transition between
living at home in college and i think in
the regular ways
i didn't there was no like separation
sadness all of us at my house are pretty
independent
um i struggled a little bit with
um i struggled with like kind of
obsessing over
food which was really hard for me and
that
is what i would say is like my personal
struggle that i was going through at
college
and um that i would say
was the majority of what made me feel
sad if that was just cut away and like
we're looking at everything other than
that
i feel like i did really well but that
was it wasn't necessarily like
college doing it it was myself doing it
to myself that definitely took a toll on
my i don't know if i would say mental
health but like my happiness
at times if you guys want a video about
that whole experience
i feel like i'd be willing to talk about
it just because
i want to help people and even though it
was like
it's it's kind of weird i don't know if
you think that would help you
and that's something you would want me
to make then i can definitely do that
but it's really hard for me to talk
about without
like getting into so many other details
about it so i'll just leave it at that
i feel like by the end of the semester i
was at a way better place than i was
say in the middle of the semester anyway
moving on
what's your favorite book i'm all about
why i romance
okay because i lived vicariously through
all of the characters i
would say one of my favorite books is
making faces by amy harmon i listened to
it i think i stayed up to like
3 am listening to it like on a school
night because i just couldn't stop like
it was
so good and the characters ah it's just
a great story so i definitely recommend
amy harmon's making faces how tall are
you
so i am 5'4 i'm pretty sure last time i
checked i'm pretty sure that's how tall
i am so
i am not like super short and i am not
tall
i'm just average do you drink alcohol
and if you don't how is it as a college
student so i do not drink alcohol
this kind of plays into why i love sv so
much i think when you apply to svu
you have to sign the honor code which
talks about like not having any alcohol
or
things like that on campus drinking is
not an issue at least around the people
that i hang out with i've never had
alcohol
i never plan on drinking it just
personally that's my own
decision and my own choice it's not
difficult because of the college i chose
but also i think it really depends
if you surround yourself with people who
do those kinds of things
then it'll be harder for you to like
deal with it but if you're around people
who
share the same standards as you then
it'll be a lot easier to
continue to keep your standards high so
those are all the questions i'm going to
be answering today
i really hope you guys enjoyed this q a
and then i answered some of your
questions
i love doing these just because i love
sharing my thoughts with you guys and i
feel like
as a viewer of youtubers that i love
watching when they do q and a's it helps
me understand them as a person better
and
like their values and what they believe
in and who they are
and so i hope this did that a little bit
for you and that you could get to know
me a little bit better
i love you guys so much thank you for
all your support thank you for watching
this video if you would like to help me
reach my goal of 10 000 instagram
followers by the end of the year
that was my new year's resolution for my
instagram so if you would like to help
me reach that goal then go ahead and
follow me on instagram i always have a
link
down below and also if you want to help
me reach my
goal of 200k on youtube then you can
subscribe as well
i love you guys so much and i will see
you in the next video
bye guys
[Music]